Brother, help me kick this woman out
What did he do to you?
Tell your brother to teach you a lesson
Let me introduce you to this person
The person in charge of this venue
I've seen two before
Hello
Tingting is really excellent
I even know the person in charge of reviewing the dinner party
I will depend on you from now on
Where did this crazy woman come from?
noisy
Who will be responsible if Third Master Shen is alerted?
Yeah, this woman?
Not even an invitation
Come in and shoot, don't you have ulterior motives?
What? You don't even have an invitation?
I am a distinguished guest invited by the head of your Shen family
Why do you need an invitation?
The VIP is still pretending
Gu Jingxi, do you match?
Someone like Tiantian is a VIP.
He deserves you too, what do you know?
Sweet has another identity
He is a wonder who has created countless top-notch plots
Number one gold medal production
How is the dawn?
Are you scared?
You said he was the dawn
Yes, I am the dawn
If you say you are blind, you are really blind
I am the dawn
Funny Gu Jinxi
Are you crazy?
Just pretended to make a down payment
Now it's dawn again
You are a liar
Disgusting
Gu Jinxi
I know I dumped you and it hit you too hard
I didn't expect your poetry to go crazy
Even the name of Chenxi dares to grab it
Get out of here, don't say you know each other
Somebody drag him out
Ask nicely.
How did this person get in?
Hey
Don't wait for me.
I'll see who dares to touch him
Yan Chen